README.md, before:

# Tic tac toe - A Microverse educational project

Building a Tic Tac Toe game using JavaScript to build the entire game manipulating DOM elements using JS modules.

![screenshot](./assets/images/game_screenshot.png)

## Built With

-   HTML5;
-   CSS3;
-   Jest
-   Javascript.

## Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://raw.githack.com/nurislam-ab/tic-tac-toe-js/feature-develop-game/index.html)

## Getting Started

- Fork the repository and create a local one on your computer;
- Move to the repository inside the command line using `cd` and the path to the file;
- open `index.html` file on your browser.

## Authors

👤 José Roberto Pérez Jiménez
- Github: [@LoboArkano](https://github.com/LoboArkano)
- Twitter: [@LoboArkano](https://twitter.com/LoboArcano92)
- Linkedin: [JoseRoberto](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jos%C3%A9-roberto-p%C3%A9rez-jim%C3%A9nez-97a729195/)

👤 Santiago Rodriguez
- Github: [@santiagorodriguezbermudez](https://github.com/santiagorodriguezbermudez)
- Twitter: [@srba87](https://twitter.com/srba87)
- Linkedin: [srba87](https://linkedin.com/in/srba)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README.md Add instal and test instructions

README.md, after:

# Tic tac toe - A Microverse educational project

Building a Tic Tac Toe game using JavaScript to build the entire game manipulating DOM elements using JS modules.

![screenshot](./assets/images/game_screenshot.png)

## Built With

-   HTML5;
-   CSS3;
-   Jest
-   Javascript.

## Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://raw.githack.com/nurislam-ab/tic-tac-toe-js/feature-develop-game/index.html)

## Getting Started

- Fork the repository and create a local one on your computer;
- Move to the repository inside the command line using `cd` and the path to the file;
- Deploy `index.html` on your localhost.

## Setup

Install dependencies with:

```
    npm install
```

Save a changes with:

```
   npm run watch
```

Run test with:
```
    npm run test
```
or
```
    npm run test_watch
```

## Authors

👤 José Roberto Pérez Jiménez
- Github: [@LoboArkano](https://github.com/LoboArkano)
- Twitter: [@LoboArkano](https://twitter.com/LoboArcano92)
- Linkedin: [JoseRoberto](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jos%C3%A9-roberto-p%C3%A9rez-jim%C3%A9nez-97a729195/)

👤 Santiago Rodriguez
- Github: [@santiagorodriguezbermudez](https://github.com/santiagorodriguezbermudez)
- Twitter: [@srba87](https://twitter.com/srba87)
- Linkedin: [srba87](https://linkedin.com/in/srba)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
